DOC-6634, DOC-6679 insights page apply button admin only (#16459)
cockroachdb/docs: v23.1/ui-insights-page.md

    - **Create Index**, **Alter Index**, or **Replace Index**: A **Statement Fingerprint** field displays the statement fingerprint that would be optimized with the creation, alteration, or replacement of the index; and a **Recommendation** field displays the SQL query to create, alter, or replace the index.
    - **Drop Unused Index**: An **Index** field displays the name of the index to drop; and a **Description** field displays the reason for dropping the index.

> To realize the schema insight, click the action button in the final column to execute the SQL statement. A confirmation dialog displays a warning about the cost of [online schema changes](online-schema-changes.html) and a button to copy the SQL statement for later execution in a SQL client. This button is only shown for [admin users](security-reference/authorization.html#admin-role).

Reviewer: I was trying to clear this up and realized there's an ambiguity how it was (since the word 'button was used twice'): which button is admin only? I assume the action button, but the wording makes it confusing IMHO. I reworded to disambiguate and clarify, but am assuming my interpretation was correct, so please check that.
This suggestion applies to both version pages.
```suggestion
[Admin users](security-reference/authorization.html#admin-role) will see an action button in the final column, which will execute the SQL statement suggested by the schema insight, for example "Create Index". Upon clicking the action button, a confirmation dialog displays a warning about the cost of [online schema changes](online-schema-changes.html) and the option to copy the SQL statement for later execution in a SQL client.
```
